Add CeleryKubernetesExecutor (#10901)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/executor/celery_kubernetes.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

.. _executor:CeleryKubernetesExecutor:

CeleryKubernetes Executor
=========================

> The :class:`~airflow.executors.celery_kubernetes_executor.CeleryKubernetesExecutor` consists of a ``CeleryExecutor`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`~airflow.executors.celery_kubernetes_executor.CeleryKubernetesExecutor` allows users to run simultanously ``CeleryExecutor`` and
```

> a ``KubernetesExecutor``. An executor is chosen to run a task based on its queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a ``KubernetesExecutor``. An executor is chosen to run a task based on the task's queue.
```

``CeleryKubernetesExecutor`` inherits the scalability of ``CeleryExecutor`` to
handle the high load at the peak time and runtime isolation of ``KubernetesExecutor``.

When to use CeleryKubernetesExecutor
####################################

``CeleryKubernetesExecutor`` should only be used at certain cases, given that
it requires setting up ``CeleryExecutor`` and ``KubernetesExecutor``.

We recommend considering ``CeleryKubernetesExecutor`` when your use case meets:

1. The number of tasks needed to be scheduled at the peak exceeds the scale that your kubernetes cluster
    can comfortably handle

> 2. A relative small portion of your tasks requires runtime isolation.

Reviewer: I would add:

```
3. You have plenty of small tasks that can be executed on Celery workers but you also have resource-hungry tasks that will be better to run in predefined environments.
```
What do you think?
